You asked me to make a deal with the child
You're dead to this heart
Piglet, are you polite to Ren Baihe?
Mom
He asked me to sell children
How can I be polite to him?
As if you were competent
How did I hear about your two youngest children?
Go out to work before your teeth are full
It's really my fault that they work part-time
But as long as I can breathe
There is no way I can sell children off the table
Oh, Lily Xiumei.
This kid is spoiled by me
Do you mind?
Piggy, what are you doing?
She's a lily
Not what it used to be
You can't be polite to people
Children are my bottom line
It's not negotiable.
Mom, I give you all my salary
How much did you save?
What are you doing?
Sibao is not in good health
Surgery may be necessary
The doctor said the surgery would take 1 million
1 million are you crazy?
I don't have so much money
It's just the four treasures, isn't it good?
Eat and drink
Don't listen to the doctor
He wants to cheat you out of money.
Silly girl
The five treasures were abducted back then
Only me and my mom know
Everyone thought I gave birth to 4
How did the next lily know that I gave birth to 5?
I heard you gave birth to 5 oil bottles in one go